two teams there were in the state
championship a year ago met tonight at
Lakeview Dylan won the championship
the Gators fell short but this rivalry
has been lopsided for quite some time
Dylan has not lost to Lakeview since
1997 could tonight in that streak let's
head up to Lakeview here come the
Wildcats opening kickoff and
unfortunately and the opening kickoff
it's fumbled by Dylan and late you gets
the ball deep in their own territory
Duane Nichols the keeper finds plenty of
room and the pylon and the Gators are on
the board up six to nothing on the
champs the cheerleaders excited but then
come the Wildcats Avery McCall fakes the
handoff and hits a wide open
Morgan Covington for six and Covington
does the work stiff arms everybody on
the field and in the stands with seven
minutes ago Dylan's up seven to six
later on Janey soman back to pass finds
his receiver for the nice gain and then
McCall is gonna do the screen the
Chapman and he's in the end zone that is
a nice play there by Dylan Chapman not
done he's gonna punch it in right there
and I tell you what Dylan was up 14 to 6
at that point McAllister this time to
Alexander Diaz down to the two yard line
and just for good measure number 12
looking looking pulls it down and walks
it in this one was gonna be oh that's
the that that's working right there my
friend this one all Dylan will go to the
scoreboard as the Wildcats win it 49 to
6 to improve to to winnow on the season
Gators fall
one and one